---
layout: post
title:  "First Friends"
date:   2019-04-18
categories: blog
tags:
image: /assets/images/home.JPG
---
I get a bit upset when people ask me if I’m going home for vacations or breaks. I’m not offended by their question in any way. In reality, going “home” and “family” is just a touchy subject for me.
 
I don’t hate my family. Yet, whenever I think of them, my mind becomes clouded with horrible memories from my past. I feel the strikes my sister used to give me. I hear my parents, yelling at my siblings, threatening to strangle them or kick them out of the house for very trivial mistakes and mishaps. The inability to speak up and protect my younger siblings from that abuse crawls on my skin. The loss of words to truly tell my parents my feelings and my problems are stuck in my chest. 
 
The moment I left home to attend Rutgers University was when I knew I wanted a new “life.” I wanted to rebuild not only who I was, but everything I “learned” about life up until then. I was lucky however, for I found that I didn’t have to look too hard for help. After four semesters of my college career, I was picked up by a peculiar pair of individuals, Matthew Jo and Danielle Considine. 

Matthew Jo, or “Matt” for short, is the first member of the pair. He’s generally very stoic and blunt but can easily get enthusiastic on certain topics. Danielle Considine, or “Dani” for short, is the second member. She’s a bit of a wild card, since she jokes often about getting wasted on Mondays and missing assignments to play video games.

The first day I really got to know who they were to me was during final exam week, however. Dani, Matt, and I were trying our hardest to study for exams at Matt’s apartment. The tension in the air was obvious.  By then, our grades were hovering over our heads, almost about to destroy us when we dared to let our GPA fall. Yet, the end of the semester, and most importantly, summer vacation, was so close! I wanted to give up and finish the semester! I was not motivated to study any longer, and I can tell Dani and Matt were the same. Dani was bopping her head to K-pop, fully engrossed in the music rather than her study material. Matt was focused, but on Youtube videos instead of his notes.
 
Moments later, Dani cracked and gave up studying, saying “Do y’all wanna go to an anime convention?”
 
Apparently, at Middlesex County College was an anime convention called Kogaracon, which was going to end at 6pm that day. There was no entrance fee, making the convention 100% free to go to.
 
My eyes darted back and forth at Matt and Dani, waiting in anticipation for their thoughts. I could tell from the look on their faces that they knew very well that they should be studying, and that I too should do the same.
 
“What’s one break gonna do?” Dani then mentioned with a nonchalant shrug. “Do grades even matter?”
 
She had a very good point about taking a break. However, I didn’t agree with the idea of losing my precious study time. My General Physics final was the following day and I knew my parents would be disappointed in me if my GPA fell. I, in fact, was scared of failing.
 
“Well, I’m down if everyone else is down,” Matt told us.
 
The decision was suddenly up to me, and Matt and Dani made this clear by looking at me for my answer.
 
“C’mon! Don’t you need a break? It’s not good to overwork yourself, you know?” Dani coaxed.
 
She was still quite right! I agreed and when I announced it, I suddenly felt the tense atmosphere lift away and off our beings. 
 
Immediately, we’re scrambling to get our bags and quickly leave to get in Matt’s car. During so, I’m arguing with myself in my head. I know that the right thing to do is study for my finals. Yet I’m smiling from ear to ear with Matt and Dani, laughing at our awful decisions and how we’re going to fail our exams.
 
The moment we arrived to the Middlesex County College campus and saw cosplayers, we start bursting in laughter, poking fun at the people who watched anime. It was only because we also had a long history of watching anime and cosplaying, so the jokes were absolutely sarcastic and about our own selves. Due to our energy and excitement, we ended up relishing in everything anime and Japanese there, as there were so many things to do!

Two whole hours were spent looking through the anime merchandise, and most of that time was used to search through five very large binders for a button of Dani’s favorite anime character! After that, Dani had found an origami station, where she insisted she make a crane for each of us. As she was doing so, Matt and I played a strange fishing game together, where we had to pick up cups with a “fishing pole” made with yarn and straws. Yet, when we became bored of it, Matt and I turned to a Japanese “wish tree” that the people at the Middlesex County College anime club made themselves. Any wish that was written down on a piece of paper and tied to the “wish tree” would come true!
 
Of course, I wished for good grades, as the thought of failing my General Physics final was still fresh in my mind! Matt however, wrote that he wanted to get better at dancing west coast swing.
 
“Oh! I want to wish that instead!” I wined.

“So why don’t you?” He said.
 
I was caught by surprise at the question, and stared a bit at our two written wishes, mesmerized by how different they looked together. “Why don’t I?” I ask myself again. The question was in fact simple. However, I felt as if every cog in my brain had clicked in place, and I was enlightened. By then, I realized something that was just as simple as the encounter: There’s more to my life than my grades, which I wish I had learned before I even came to college!
 
The following day, I got a C on my General Physics 2 final, of course. Dani received the same grade as well on her Organic Chemistry final. I really don’t regret it though, for I would not trade my precious time with my friends for a better grade! Dani and Matt get an A+ from me for showing me the simple joys beyond that risk.
