---
layout: post
title:  "Snapshot Assignment"
date:   2019-02-14
categories: blog
tags:
image: /assets/images/snapshot.jpg
---

<h1>Novice</h1>

“Novice…”

I block out the rest of what the MC says, because I already know what he’s going to say. That was the announcement for me to get going. A familiar feeling starts to bubble and build up within me, as my entire being begins to shake. It’s all so exciting! I feel like I’m floating, and I’m barely touching the ground!

I take a deep breath.

When I come back to the ground, my feet have taken me where I needed to be: a narrow hallway just behind the ballroom I’m about to enter. I’m met with a hectic scene I know so well. A large group of girls huddle towards the right wall, trying to figure out where to stand in line. The smaller group of guys on the left, however, have managed to make a neat little line. They’re all introducing themselves and making small talk.

I take my place in the line on the right.

My heart is beating out of my chest now. I can’t stand still, especially since I hear the music from the ballroom! This is the west coast swing competition I’ve been waiting for. This is the competition that gets me out of the Novice division and into the Intermediate one. Because this partnered dance is all improvised, I have no idea who my lead will be. As a follower though, I made sure that I can follow whatever steps and moves my lead puts me in, even in salsa, tango, and waltz. My posture is excellent. My technique is flawless. My entire body is in my control, and I’m filled with so much adrenaline and excitement!

I soon realize that the guys and girls are pairing up with each other and the lines are moving forward. The competition is starting! I take the arm of one of the leads I’ve been partnered up with. I think he and I introduced ourselves, but I’m so energized that I immediately forgot his name! 

We follow the line and all walk out. 

It feels like a fire is growing in me, wanting to burst out and start dancing already. When I enter the ballroom, I see a mass of people surrounding the floor and cheering for everyone competing. As the line begins to halt, all the competing couples, take their own place on the floor, including my partner and me. My muscle memory leads my right-hand on his left, while my left-hand goes on his shoulder. Everything I’ve learned then quickly flashes in my head as I prepare for this moment. I’m so ready for this!

“And…Let’s dance!” says the MC. Suddenly, everything is silent as we all wait for the DJ to play the first song. I hold my breath, and I feel like even my heart has stopped beating in anticipation.

Soon, I hear electronic blips play a simple, repeated melody, and soft, breathy vocals follow afterwards. It’s “On the Low” by Tove Stryke, and a smile widens on my face. I love this song! I know where all the unique notes and funny rhythms are in the song. The moment my lead motions me to start, all the built-up energy inside me breaks lose! I feel as if I’m skating on the floor as I dance! When the music picks up, I feel unstoppable! Every muscle in my body is moving exactly how I want it to be! 

I’m in my element! 

Before I know it, the music begins the fade and cheers from the crowd fill the room instead. All us competitors stop dancing, and as I look out to the audience, I feel alive. 

In the end, the entire Novice competition took at most 10 minutes. During the night, the judges post the results on the hallway wall. I take a look, and scanning the paper…

I didn’t do well at all. 

My heart sinks. How could this be? I feel a weight on my shoulders, bringing me to the ground. This is the reality of west coast swing competitions after all, I remember. You can never guess how well you’ll do until you see the results. 

It’s back to the drawing board, then.
